---
title : "January 2024"
description : "January 25th 2024 Club meeting"
desc: "January 25th 2024 Club meeting"
---
# ITEMS FOR THE JANUARY AGENDA

At the January meeting we will be electing
the 2024 Club Officers and collecting the 2024 Club dues. 
There has not been a dues increase for many years. The individual Ham’s, dues are $10.00/year and for a family of Hams $15.00/year. Amateur Radio Operators who are 80 years old or older, membership dues have been eliminated.

You can give your 2024 dues to Charlie
Roberts, WBØHLW or you can also be mailed to the
dues payment to Macon County ARC at P.O. Box 13,
Macon, MO 63552.

The first Order of Business will be to elect the
officers that will lead the Macon County ARC and the
Macon Area Repeater Council for 2023.

Current Officers of Macon County ARC are:
- President: Larry Ballew, ABØHP.
- Vice-President Jesse Jones, KDØETU
- Sec. /Treas Charles Roberts WBØHLW

Current Officers of Macon Area Repeater Council:x
- President: Scott Bigham, NØDBM
- Vice-President Todd Anderson, AKØAK
- Sec. /Treas Charles Roberts, WBØHLW

## 2024 MACON COUNTY ARC ACTIVITIES WILL BE DISCUSSED.
The members will consider share their ideas
about what the Radio Club can do to encourage
Radio Club membership and attendance at meetings
and at the Radio Club’s operating activities.
We will also discuss the possibility of adding an
operating event or two where members can practice
non-contest or special event QSOs using either their
own calls or that of the Macon County ARC.

### VOLUNTEER EXAM SESSIONS 2024
We will also approve the dates of the Four
Quarterly Volunteer Exam Sessions at our January
meeting.

### ARRL FIELD DAY 2024
The Club will be approving the location for
the 2024 ARRL Field Day operation and the need to
make some plans prior to the Field Day event.

### LESTER DENT-DOC SAVAGE SPECIAL EVENT
The 2024 Lester Dent WØD special event station
operation date will be set and the members will
discuss how we can get more operators to
participate at the Round House on Saturday.

### RADIO CLUB FALL PICNIC
The date for the Radio Club’s Fall Picnic will
be selected at the January Club meeting and any
changes that might be beneficial.

### ARES NET TIME PROPOSED CHANGE
We are going to discuss and vote on a
proposal to change the time of the ARES Net that is
on 146.805- on Wednesday evening from 8:30 p.m.
to 7:30 p.m. Some of our members have indicated
that the earlier time would work better for them
and they think that there would be more check-ins
at the 7:30 time slot. Think about the proposal,
come to the meeting, and let your thoughts about
the change be heard.


### NON-CONTEST OR SPECIAL EVENT OPERATIONS?

We will also consider the possibility of
adding an Amateur Radio operating event or two
where a members can practice making HF contacts
in a non-contest or non-special event mod. They
can use either their own calls or that of the Macon
County ARC NØPR. This might also be a good time
to encourage a renewed interest in Ham Radio.