---
title : "2024 Feild Day"
description : "2024 Field day report"
desc: "MCARC 2024 Field day"
---

<div class="2024fd">


The Total points in 2024 Field Day Exercise for
NØPR is 2170 and that included 510 bonus points
for achieving several tasks that have been
provided to encourage successful Field Day Events
and promotion of Amateur Radio. This year the
MCARC Field Day Report was submited as an
applet rather than in the paper form we have used
in the past. Ron Harrison, NTØC and Dale, KØKY
worked together to get it sent.
Ron Harrison, NTØC used N1MM logging
program and printed out a chart of the Secons
and Provinces worked. We worked all but 3
Secons this year, missing only CT, ID, and VI.

Gary Freeman, WØITT, was a visitor this
year’s Field Day. Gary has operated with NØPR
Field Day in the past. He lives in Sturgeon and is
an avid FT-8 Operator.

This year the MCARC Field Day Report was
submied as an applet rather than in the paper
form we have used in the past. Ron Harrison,
NTØC and Dale, KØKY worked together to get it
sent.

There were several MCARC members that
operated ARRL Field Day using their own call and
selecng Macon County ARC to give their points to
the Club. Ron Harrison, NTØC made 600 CW QSOs
and 2460 points & Steve Malle made over 200
SSB QSOs and added 400+ points to the Club Total.
There are possible other members of the MCARC
that worked Field Day and provided us some
addional points.

The Total points in 2024 ARRL Field Day
Exercise for NØPR is 2170 and that included 510
bonus points for achieving several tasks that have
been provided to encourage successful Field Day
Events and promoon of Amateur Radio. The
rough total with known added operators’ extra
points is nearly 5,000 pts this year. Great eﬀort
everyone.
</div>